1. Which new sports will be included in the 2024 Olympics?

a) Baseball and Softball
b) Skateboarding and Surfing
c) Both a and b (Ans)

2. What is the motto for the Paris 2024 Olympics?

a) Together for a Shared Future
b) Sport for All
c) Games Wide Open (Ans)

3. Who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2023 and is of Indian origin?

a) Salman Rushdie(Ans)
b) Arundhati Roy
c) Jhumpa Lahiri


4. What was the main focus of the Indian Union Budget presented in 2024?

a) Agriculture reforms
b) Infrastructure development(Ans)
c) Education sector improvements

5. Which international agreement did India sign in 2023 to enhance its climate commitments?

a) Paris Agreement
b) Glasgow Climate Pact(Ans)
c) Kyoto Protocol

6. Which company launched the first commercially available quantum computer?

a) Google
b) IBM(Ans)
c) Microsoft

7. Which major social media platform was fined for data privacy violations in 2023?

a) Twitter
b) Facebook(Ans)
c) Instagram

8. What technology is used in self-driving cars for navigation?

a) Lidar(Ans)
b) Bluetooth
c) NFC

9. What does "NLP" stand for in the context of artificial intelligence?

a) Natural Language Processing(Ans)
b) Neural Language Programming
c) Network Language Protocol

10. What was the main cause of the French Revolution?

a) Economic hardship and social inequality(Ans)
b) The rise of nationalism
c) Colonial expansion

11. Who was the famous civil rights leader who delivered the "I Have a Dream" speech?

a) Malcolm X
b) Martin Luther King Jr.(Ans)
c) Rosa Parks

12. Which movement was launched by Gandhi in 1942, demanding an end to British rule in India?

a) Quit India Movement(Ans)
b) Civil Disobedience Movement
c) Non-Cooperation Movement

13. What was the original name of British Telecom?

a) British Telecommunications
b) Post Office Telecommunications(Ans)
c) BT Group

14. Which major sporting event did BT acquire broadcasting rights for in the UK?

a) FIFA World Cup
b) Premier League(Ans)
c) Wimbledon

15. Which company did BT acquire in 2016 to enhance its mobile services?

a) EE(Ans)
b) O2
c) Virgin Mobile
